---
layout: page
subheadline: "Amy Lee Brown"
title: "Mistreatment or misunderstanding?"
teaser: "One liner"
date: 2017-00-00 <!-- date of post submission -->
categories:
  - curiosities
author: amyleebrown <!-- all one word -->
tags:
  - tag <!-- list subjects of your post -->
header: no
image:
  title: blog-images/blog-picture.png <!-- for image-name.png, substitute name you've given your image file -->
  caption: <!-- info about the image, such as date of issue -->
  caption_url: <!-- link-to-page-containing-text? -->
---
Upon visiting the mosque at the University of al Azhar, Mr. Sheldon Amos, judge of the Native Court, claims that he was met with "considerable rudeness" on behalf of the students there. This incident caused the chancellor of the university to face repercussions from the government, being required to implement a new system for visitors at the institution.
Parts of Mr. Amos' story do not add up. He claims that the students were rude to him, but at the time he visited the mosque, there was a commotion among the students due to a sudden rain shower. The chancellor of the school claims the visitors were probably sent in the direction of disorder, and that any claims of rudeness are simply a misunderstanding.
The writer of this article in the Egyptian Gazette seems to believe Mr. Amos. They claim that his job as judge of the Native Court means that he has thorough knowledge of Arabic and could not possibly mistake jostling for rudeness. They even go so far as to question if the chancellor of the school was there at the time of the incident. The writer of the article seems to have some preconceived notions about this university. They claim that an Indian student was recently made fun of for his political views.
I find this section of the paper to be interesting because I could see something similar occurring in the present day. I noticed that the commentary in this section was politically influenced, and I wonder if there is more of that throughout my issue that I haven't picked up on.
